back up.
K.
I wish there could just be a blanket
acceptance,
like you do it once a week or once a
month.
Right? I don't know why it does that.
And it's just like everybody does this
and then everyone has to come back on the
camera. It's just, yeah,
And so many people don't come back on and
then you know they're off multitasking.
it is not worth it.
Yeah.
I've definitely done that before too. So,
yeah. Okay,
so I've had an opportunity to look at the
Definitely guilty.
deck you sent over.
Thank you for sending over that.
And then have started diving into the
FedRep document as well.
So kind of want to start from the
beginning,
kind of essentially what we talked about
initially during that first meeting.
If you could just give me a rundown of
the requirements and everything of what
we're asking for for both projects.
And then I'll ask a couple of questions.
from there as well.
Narrow the scope down a little bit more
because this can start from 100 different
directions.
Are we talking about the specific project
Yeah.
or are we start like the specific we need
to find out this data point and determine
these limits like that part of the
project or are we talking about MCSP more
broadly?
Yep,
so just the project first on both levels,
but the analytics and then finding the
limits and information.
So we'll start there. And then from there,
then we could dive a little bit into more
Yeah.
of the specifics of the project,
but we'll start at the high levels for
both.
Okay, so for,
and the two are kind of related and
overlapping, right?
The two different areas. So for software,
you have to determine what your limits
are,
what you're telling customers you can do.
A customer can't come in and put a
million secrets in to vaults.
without us having to need to increase our
machine size,
our underlying infrastructure.
So we have to kind of set some parameters
as far as, you know,
these are the things that you can do.
And so if they need to go above that,
absolutely no problem.
It just means that we're going to have to
either have another cluster created for
them and they would pay for that.
Or if it's a small amount, you know,
we could just, you know,
perhaps allocate additional capacity to
it.
And that's just kind of the secrets use
case.
We need to do that for kind of everything
as far as what we can support. So,
and I can send you an example of like HVD.
Actually,
there's a slide in there where I copied
some of the HVD limits down.
So HVD is HashiCorp Vault dedicated,
that's Vault version.
It's a hosted cloud version just like
what we're doing,
except it's on the HashiCorp Cloud
Platform, HCP.
And what we're doing is we're rebuilding
Vault to run on the multi-cloud.
software platform,
IBM's overarching platform,
but it's not like our platform where HCP
does a lot of the features and functions
and the things that like all products
need,
like license management and billing and
like all of those things. MCSP does.
very small parts or gives you some tools
so you can go do those things,
but we effectively have to rebuild
everything. So with that,
we have to figure out how does our
software run? What can customers do on it?
And does that all kind of match with
their expectations?
you know, customers expect they can do X,
Y, Z, and does it meet their needs.
And we say...
And we say, how does our software run?
Are you talking about how does HCP run or
MCSP run.
So HCP has already figured all of this
how MCSP runs? Okay.
out, so I can use them as kind of a,
you know, just a validation point.
One of the complaints we get with HVD is
it's not as enterprise ready as many
customers want or expect.
Because some of our customers, not a ton,
but some of them were our enterprise or
self-managed customers,
and they had Vault running in their own
data center with their own infrastructure
set up,
and so they could do as much as they
wanted,
because they would just add machine,
add capacity, and go about their day.
In A managed service environment,
you only have so much capacity.
You can only have so many connections.
You can only have so many things because
there are physical limits that AWS has or
maybe OpenShift has.
Because we are running vaults on
OpenShift.
powered by Kubernetes and on top of the
MCSP platform on top of AWS. So, you know,
we've got multiple layers of just
dependencies, right?
So we have to make sure that Vault runs
to.
efficiently enough to meet those
customers' expectations and their
requirements.
And we need to make sure that...
We need to basically make sure that we're
at the right instance sizing,
so how much compute and how much RAM
we're allocating to each customer cluster.
We need to make sure what we have now,
which was our first kind of take at it,
meets their need, or if not,
we need to increase it.
And then if we have to increase it,
then there's some upstream things like,
okay, we can only fit this many, you know,
customers on this size of VM. Otherwise,
we have to increase our sizes and what
are our limits.
So there's a whole bunch of things around
that.
So we're looking at things as far as.
the networking,
looking at what our limits are for what
AWS will allow in an environment.
We have to look at how many connections
we can support because AWS might have a
limit,
but we could have a slightly different
one because of our layers of
infrastructure.
So a number of things kind of like that.
So we're kind of trying to figure out
What do we need in order to make sure
that we're providing high SLAs and we're
providing a wonderful experience for our
customers?
And then we also need to make sure that
we're not provisioning too much because
that costs a lot of money and we want to
be mindful of our spend.
Mmh.
And then, yeah, if AWS doesn't allow it,
then, or doesn't allow us to go further,
then what are we doing?
So we have a number of things we have to
figure out around that. So yeah,
this is the list that I pulled from
Okay.
online.
that yeah, HPD has.
And we want to at least meet or exceed
Mhm.
where they're showing up.
Okay,
and so these are kind of the metrics to
really start getting an idea about as we
think about MCSP.
And so if I'm understanding this right,
HPP currently runs off of HCP.
and we are looking to switch for MCSP,
or excuse me, for HVP to run off of MCSP.
Is that correct?
So HVD is HushCorp Vault dedicated.
That's only on HCP. On MCSP,
we're actually not HVD because we're not
dedicated.
Yeah.
Yep.
Even though I use the acronym in
everything I wrote for the first like six
OK.
months. So I was like, wait, no,
I have to stop because we're actually on
shared infrastructure.
So we're just vault.
And then we're not broadcasting the MCSP
part of it,
but internally we're just saying like
MCSP vault or vault on MCSP. But yeah,
Okoh.
we're trying to vault on each CP will
continue to run.
That's our commercial offering. On MCSP,
we're focusing on FedRAMP.
or federal.
And then I'm looking at probably like
maybe protected B in Canada next,
but focus right now is on federal.
There's a lot of challenges of how do we
do both and make it clear so sellers know
what to sell when.
And the call was made to just bypass that
for now and just focus on Fed in the MTSP
setting.
Kao.
Long term,
we'll end up getting rid of HCP
Okay.
eventually and adopting MCSP.
That is the long term executive guidance
that's been given.
I've put the feelers out or the call out
there like, let's wait. We need some.
advances from the platform before we do
that.
Okay,
and then some of the things that I think
you mentioned previously in terms of like
understanding, you know,
what are the customers doing and
Like, how many connections do they have?
How many apps are hitting vault?
And I think part of that that you
mentioned is looking at the client
customer account and then understanding.
the difference between like self-managed,
like how many people are giving us access
So...
versus people not giving us access.
That one's tricky because self-managed
customers don't give us data by default.
Yeah.
In HPD,
we get data by default because it's a
managed service so we can see everything.
In enterprise or self-managed,
that's in their data centers.
So we have no visibility unless they
share it with us.
So we do have some tooling in there that
allows them to just say like click yes
and.
they'll share data,
which is how I got this information.
So I am using enterprise information or
self-managed information and not HPD
because the federal customers that we
have,
our public sector customers that we have,
are only on self-managed because we don't
have a FedRAMP offering.
So we have a couple maybe here and there,
but.
not much on HPD.
So I used public sector stuff because
it's more important to me to understand
what those customers are using and what
it looks like because that would be
reflective of what they would want to do
likely in the cloud space.
But I do suspect the information I was
able to find in Sigma
I don't think that's the full story.
I think it's only a piece of the puzzle.
Okay, and so self-managed,
as you're referring to public sector,
self-managed is related to public sector
and HVD is related to enterprise.
Or is that the opposite?
No,
so Vault self-managed is also called
Vault Enterprise.
To make this really muddy,
HVD does run Vault Enterprise, but they...
don't give customers all of the
capabilities of Vault Enterprise because
they retain a lot of it in order to do
management, right?
So we can upgrade their software when
they need to upgrade.
So we withhold a lot of that for
customers. So
It's all Vault Enterprise because it's
the underlying binary,
but the go to market play.
Mhm.
Vault Enterprise or Vault Self-Managed
can be public sector customers,
it can be commercial customers.
Public sector is a very small piece of
the puzzle, to be transparent.
But public sector customers can't be HVD,
but they can be Vault Enterprise,
and they will be able to be MCSP.
Does that make sense?
Hi.
It does, yeah.
Okay, so that makes a lot of sense.
It's clear as mud, by the way,
and it took me probably two months before
Yeah.
I started getting the difference because
people refer to them Vault Cloud, well,
that's HVD,
or now it's going to also be MCSP.
So there's just so many different nuances.
The.
Yeah, no, that makes sense now.
The Sigma information,
I didn't have access to that.
Do I simply need to create the account
for that?
And that was just trying to access it
through this link that you had provided
You'll need to do it through passport.
here.
with your HashiCorp email address.
Because you have one of those, right?
I do. Now, how is that going to... Yeah,
I was going to say,
Not for much longer.
how does that impact going forward?
So emails will be forwarded to us for a
while. I don't know what the full plan is,
because IBM uses Access Hub for
everything, and we don't like that at all.
Let me see, I'm trying to grab it.
Yeah.
Good Lord, my legs are all messy.
Oh, that's why I'm on the wrong thing.
Okay. So let's verify my identity.
One sec.
Hmm?
So I will send you the link for doormat.
And you can look up sigma in the...
Corporate apps, yeah,
in the corporate app section.
And are you sending that on Slack?
Yep.
Okay, perfect.
Let me take a quick look.
Sigma Raul.
Think it's Raul.
Okay, so I gave you the.
what to look up and look for.
Yeah.
Perfect, thank you.
Yeah, so that should help you.
Sometimes takes a day or two for them to
approve it.
And that will give you view access.
You won't be able to export any of the
data. There's Ginger with those licenses.
I'm trying to actually get mine back.
just because they're expensive. But yeah,
they're usually pretty good about
improving it.
And you can also see who the improvers
Thanks.
are and you can also hit them up too.
Okay, perfect. And now in terms of,
we kind of discussed timeline a little
bit, just kind of an intermediacy,
about a month.
In terms of like deliverables or like
final like outcomes and what are we
looking for in that?
Are the specific things that are like
need to have, nice to haves, must haves?
The big need to have is understanding how
many connections.
And I gave in that deck just an idea of
maybe we could use client counts in this
kind of wild *** guess way,
which honestly would be very inaccurate,
but it would be something.
I think the best would be to get a couple
RFPs or RFSs.
I don't know what they do here or what
our team would have,
but a couple from public sector customers
looking for vault and just seeing what
their accounts are.
Because anytime I've ever been involved
in RFPs, they always have.
information about the customer's
environment.
I've tried asking people and you just get
very flippant, oh, a couple 100, you know,
If.
or these guys have a couple thousand.
Well,
like I need a little bit more granular
than that.
Yes.
Yeah.
Understanding the connections is going to
have an impact on what our capacity is
going to need to look like,
what our throughput would need to look
like,
and what our networking configurations
are going to look like.
We can put some guesses together around
that.
but they're really going to be very,
very high level unless we understand a
little bit more.
about the customer behavior.
And by the way,
these are kind of like my notes because
I'm just kind of working through it.
Mhm.
So if you look at the slide above,
slide 8.
Mhm.
Oops, sorry, go down one.
Yeah,
so I was trying to understand what's
impacting what. So the high RAM or memory,
we're famous for, you know,
having issues with that because so many
of our most popular secret engines are
very big memory hogs on instances.
Compute,
I've seen less of that since I've been
here last year and change,
but there is still definitely demand
there.
So those are just kind of like my notes.
And then HVD,
this is how their machines are sized out.
The reference architecture represents
what Vault Enterprise recommends.
that customers do.
So that was just for some context.
And so...
And when you say connections,
are you talking about the connections
between each one of these?
No, no, no, no, definitely not.
Way too complicated.
Or.
Okay.
How many machines are hitting fault from
a customer?
How many users are logging in to set
stuff up or do stuff or whatever it is?
So in the beginning,
you have higher user accounts,
lower machine counts.
And then over time,
it gets more embedded into their
workflows.
And you'll see very little login and
you'll see a lot of machines.
But I don't know how many machines would
be hitting Vault or how many apps.
So it's really how many things are
hitting Vault.
Ideally on what cadence,
but I doubt we could get that level of
granularity. That would be golden,
but I'm not that optimistic that that
would be in an RFP or in someone's head.
Is that?
So I would think,
I think the most effective manner would
be if we could get a couple of those.
And it doesn't have to be exhaustive.
It doesn't have to be, you know, 10,000.
Like if we could get 5 or 10 to scroll
through and capture numbers.
That would be phenomenal.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Not this one, it was the one on slide 4.
Yeah, that one.
So we have a pretty good view of what
they're using and what that volume looks
like.
We just don't know the frequency and
what's behind the volume, right?
So keys like.
And we can.
And something that just came to mind,
we can look at this information and think
about the organization,
think about like organization size and
like what they're doing.
And I think that's like some of the areas
in which I'll drill down to understand,
because it'll allow you to make
potentially future projections. So like,
let's say it's a...
say it's an AI company, right?
And then how many are they running versus
like another company?
You can kind of start breaking it down
into...
What their?
I guess, like, what their work, yeah,
what they're doing and that work looks
what they're doing.
like,
and see if that has a correlation between,
But we're not looking at AI companies,
we're looking at like the VA and we're
like, how much they're...
Yeah.
looking at the Department of Defense or
we're looking at so on and so forth.
Yeah, yeah, exactly. Okay.
So,
and there is a lot of push from Fitara.
It's a federal initiative that they are
agencies need to basically adopt cloud,
work on modernization.
They need to increase their security.
There's an executive mandate.
that I have the numbers written down
somewhere.
There's an executive mandate that they
basically up their game with digital
transformations and stuff like that.
So there is a lot of push from the
overarching, you know,
just government entities need to start
embracing this.
you know,
reducing their costs and being more
efficient in adopting cloud.
So there's definitely drivers behind that.
And I actually have,
I can send you my initial business case,
which will give you a little bit of
context around kind of some of the
drivers and kind of some of the revenue
and things that we're looking at.
I think Tyler strategy doc that I also
sent you that I think you started,
you said you start poking through.
I think that one covers a little bit of
Mhm.
it too.
And so do we have kind of an exhaustive
client list?
In what regard?
that we could start, you know,
when we think about people to potentially
talk to that are utilizing the services.
Do we have a list?
O.
We could obtain one for sure.
The customers that like I talked or I
looked up their information for,
those are listed on that tracker sheet.
Those are people I found in Sigma.
Normally we start with talking to the
folks in the field.
The essays help in a pre-sales.
capacity, the solution architects,
the SEs help post sales.
So we have resident technology services.
Those customers are directly embedded at
a customer or for a customer.
So they're working all the time, day in,
day out with them.
The SEs are not dedicated,
but they work very,
very closely with their customers because
Vault is like the most complicated
project or product ever,
and you can use it in so many hundreds of
ways. Oh shoot, I'm missing a meeting.
So the SEs tend to know what's going on
in the customer's environment extremely
well,
which is why rather than going directly
to customers at this stage, it was more,
let's use what we have internally.
to start capturing information before we
have to worry about kind of that customer
validation part.
Because really we just need to know we've
got a lot of pieces to the puzzle.
No, that makes sense.
We just have to like pull the rest of it
together.
Okay, that makes sense. All right, well,
let me take a look at this.
I know you have to jump to the meeting,
so I'll let you go.
Yeah, I'm 10 minutes late.
I didn't even notice.
I'll take a look at this,
absorb everything, absorb everything,
and then I will get back to you.
Thank you so much, Sara.
Cool. Yeah,
and let's set up time next week and
Okay.
continue chatting and I'll send some
stuff your way that might be helpful to
start establishing a little bit of
context of the environment that we're
working on and trying to drive some wins
for.
That was great. Thank you so much.
You have a great rest of your day.
Cool. Thank you. Have a wonderful day.
Big face.